CBaskey I.T, are a team of specialists that know the business sector inside-and-out. Our goal, is to make your business a successful brand. We start by breaking your company down into three specific components, which will eventually unify into a set of characteristics that your targeted audience can instantly identify and relate to.
In this modern world, it’s important to understand that your business’s visual presence is one of the key factors in getting that first foot in the door.
Your standing on the internet is of paramount importance and is usually the first impression you will make on your audience, getting this part right plays a vital role in any future success.  
We achieve this by creating a perceived personality of your company that projects its long-term goals and ambitions along with visual elements.
Visual elements include,
A cover-image,
A brand name,
A tagline or slogan,
A Colour-scheme,
A logo or word-mark,
And a font-style and typeface.
From these visual elements, we use our expertise to comprise a brand image. Every company needs a brand-image, and every brand-image needs a brand-strategy to keep it in place.
A brand-strategy is a plan that comprises a company’s personality, and a set of tools to help management and workers to keep this perception, imprinted on the minds of potential customers, and existing customers alike. This results in forming a unique character that a target-audience can instantly relate to.
When comparing a professionally designed website, generic template or home-made website, there are certain things that need careful consideration.
A fancy looking web site with bells and whistles is one thing, but is it able to express concisely and effectively, what your company has to offer, and what distinguishes it from the competition? If not, you risk early failure at worst, or your company not reaching its full potential at best. This is where a professionally designed website with good authoring is worth its weight in gold.

Having the ability to communicate your message quickly, clearly and distinctly, is vital in a world where consumers are overloaded with information. This is where a carefully crafted brand-image that articulates who you are and if you're relevant enough to warrant further investigation comes into its own. 
having a five page spread wont impress anybody if you've lost their interest in the first paragraph.
 

Using the visual elements of your company to deliver a message to your audience and convey what you’re about, and encourage the viewer to delve a little deeper, is the product of a good designer. 
Captivating your audience with in-depth descriptions of the company’s goals, ambitions and its relevance to the reader, is the job of the author.
Delivering all of this to specific sectors of the market ensuring that your precious time and resources are being utilized efficiently is achieved by professional search engine optimization, (S.E.O). If you work in a competitive market, without good S.E.O, potential customers may never even realize you exist. 

Good communication and physical interaction between a potential client and the company is the responsibility of the representative.

Brand-Strategy:
A brand-strategy is a term used for a set of tools that group together two fundamental properties of a business; a brand-identity and a company policy.
the first component is the brand-identity or brand-image.
A brand identity is a consumers perception of a brand derived from visual and aural elements of the company. These elements are used in conjunction, to form an identity or character that a potential client can instantly relate to.
These visual elements include; The name of the company, the logo or word-mark, the company slogan and the visual theme, such as colour-scheme and typeface.
The aural elements consist of; a description of the product and a promise of service (often referred to as the pitch). 
The second component is the company policy.     
The company policy is a set of rules and guidelines used to keep this perception in place.
A company's policies must be stay consistent, which will, over time, create a feeling of trust and confidence in the user which in-turn results in a loyal following and a consistent annual turn over.

One of the most important tools contained with in the brand strategy is making sure your staff are trained in customer relations; a bad review or disparaging remark from a disgruntled user, can inflict a devastating wound on the reputation of a company that will take a long time to heal.

Another tool in the box, is to be honest and congruent; promising a service that you can't deliver with confidence, is not only bad for the consumer but adds stress and bad mural amongst the staff.
Adhering to the rule above will also help in enabling your prices to be on a par with your competitor's; consumers are often weary of basement prices and are often more willing to pay that little extra for the security offered by a trusted brand, to coin a phrase, you get what you pay for.

The next tool is to educate your staff with in depth knowledge of the company and its product, especially those that may have any contact with the public; miss information could be a lost client or sale or even lead to an ill advised customer, leading to a future complaint.



pitch
reflection
evolve
potential
components
communicate
customer relations
prospective customers
miss leading 
reputation tarnished
discruntled 
introduction
Honest and Congruent
branding and digital marketing expert
identify and distinguish the brand to consumers'
cultivate a certain image in consumers' minds:
